{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red44\green44\blue44;\red166\green104\blue65;
\red44\green44\blue44;\red0\green0\blue233;\red250\green244\blue229;\red166\green104\blue65;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c22745\c22745\c22745;\cssrgb\c71373\c48627\c32157;
\cssrgb\c22745\c22745\c22745;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c98431\c96471\c91765\c49804;\cssrgb\c71373\c48627\c32157;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \cb2 Grizz :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Being a grizzly bear, he is familiar with\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/The_Forest"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 the forest}}\'a0area that\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/The_Bears"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 the Bears}}\'a0live in. He is the leader of the three and is seen as such. He tries his best to do what's right for both the benefit of his family and himself, but he can sometimes get carried away. Growing up without parents or guardians, much like his adoptive brothers, he grew up trying to be a model big brother, though he's not very good at it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf3 PanPan :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf3 Panda seems to have more knowledge in things regarding technology and things from Asian culture. He is the middle brother and, as stated by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/Grizzly_Bear"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 Grizz}}, is "the link that holds\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/The_Bears"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 them all}}\'a0together". He seems to be the most delicate of the trio, being both quite anxious and, as Grizzly also described, "cute". Even so, he does care about his brothers and will try to pitch in whenever and however he can.\
\
Ice :\
Ice Bear is the youngest of\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/The_Bears"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 the trio}}, but is, undoubtedly, the strongest and, in some respects, the most mature of them. He was able to rescue his older brothers from certain death without too much hassle and is quick to jump into action if he finds a threat arising. He cares for both of his brothers dearly. He tends to do most of the chores of the house, though he doesn't seem to mind this. Despite his willingness to pitch in where the others don't, he still takes days off to relax and unwind. Not only is he a smart and strong bear, he's also essential to the Bears' brotherhood.\
\
Chole :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Chloe Park\'a0is an\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Secondary_Characters"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 ancillary character}}\'a0in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/We_Bare_Bears"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\i \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 We Bare Bears}}. She is a Korean
\fs22 \cf4 \super \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0  
\fs28 \cf3 \nosupersub \shad0 girl who, in her initial appearance, snuck into\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/The_Bears"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 the Bears'}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/The_Cave"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 cave}}\'a0to gather information for her college report before eventually befriending them. Chloe skipped Junior High to University, as she is a child prodigy, and is currently studying at\'a0the\'a0University\'a0of California.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Charlie :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Charlie\'a0is a Bigfoot who is a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Secondary_Characters"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 recurring character}}\'a0in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/We_Bare_Bears"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 We Bare Bears}}. He is characterized as loud and eccentric. He always stays positive throughout the day.Though he can appear annoying at times, Charlie is friendly and generous to all.\
\
Nom Nom :\
Nom Nom \cf5 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 is a multi-billionaire anthropomorphic koala who had acquired internet fame through a series of popular videos on the internet. He is very popular and famous, and he isn't modest about it. He says he doesn't have time for hanging out with friends in real life, and he has what he needs: fame, money and the internet. As with most stereotypical celebrities, he has a confident, egotistical and manipulative nature, \cf3 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 polarizing to his internet facade, as he portrays a cute and innocent character.\
\
///////////////// Voices //////////////////\
Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOQqPs4JdkM"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs24 \cf6 \cb1 \ul \ulc6 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOQqPs4JdkM}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Eric Edelstein (Grizzly):\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs28 \cf5 \cb2 Eric Edelstein
\f0\b0 \'a0is an American actor, voice actor, and writer, born on April 23, 1977 in Patuxent River, Maryland.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Eric's more popular acting roles include the characters Spitter from the 2007 horror-thriller film\'a0
\f1\i The Hills Have Eyes II
\f0\i0 \'a0and ACO Max in the 2009 comedy film\'a0
\f1\i Hotel for Dogs
\f0\i0 . One of the more recent films he did was the 2015 action film\'a0
\f1\i Jurassic World.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf5 He's voice acted other characters from two other cartoons, which are the characters Chad from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://webarebears.fandom.com/wiki/Cartoon_Network"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \strokec8 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 Cartoon Network's}}\'a0Clarence and B.O.B from Nickelodeon's Monsters vs. Aliens.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \strokec9 Bobby Moynihan (Panda) : \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 Robert Michael "Bobby" Moynihan Jr.\'a0is an American actor, voice actor, and comedian.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Bobby is best known for his sketch performances and reoccurring characters on\'a0Saturday Night Live, which kick-started his professional career. Bobby has since moved on to achieve several minor roles in films and other media such as\'a0Monsters University,\'a0Comedy Bang! Bang!,\'a0Annie, and\'a0Inside Out. He also plays\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://thesecretlifeofpets.wikia.com/wiki/Mel"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \strokec8 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 Mel}}, a pug, in\'a0The Secret Life of Pets, Hal the Dog from P.B.S. Kids\'91 Nature Cat\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://the-nut-job.wikia.com/wiki/Mayor_Muldoon"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \strokec8 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0 Mayor Muldoon}}\'a0in\'a0The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Demetri Martin (Ice Bear) :
\f2 \cf9 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf5 \strokec5 Demetri Evan Martin\'a0is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, and an artist.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Demetri Martin was born on May 25, 1973 in New York City, New York. He attended NYU School Of Law after receiving a full scholarship, but dropped out due to boredom and became a stand-up comedian. On June 1, 2012, Martin married long-time girlfriend Rachael Beame in\'a0Santa Monica, California.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Charlyne Yi (Chloe) :\cf5 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Charlyne Amanda Yi\'a0is an\'a0American\'a0actress, comedian,\'a0musician, and\'a0writer.\'a0She was born in Los Angeles, California.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 She is the daughter of Lydia and Luciano Yi.
\fs22 \cf8 \super \strokec8 \shad\shadx0\shady300\shadr40\shado0 \shadc0  
\fs28 \cf5 \nosupersub \strokec5 \shad0 Her mother, a native of the Philippines, is of\'a0Philippine\'a0and Spanish\'a0descent, and her father is of\'a0Mexican,\'a0Korean,\'a0Irish,\'a0German,\'a0French, and\'a0American ancestry.\
She attended the\'a0University of California, Riverside\'a0before leaving to pursue a full-time career in comedy.}